 Q1. The items that comprise all information produced as part of the software process are collectively called a __.

A. Software configuration
B. Software system maintenance
C. Software change management
D. All of the mentioned above
Answer: A) Software configuration
2. What is Iac(Infrastructure as code)?
a)writing a program from outside 
b)programs for industrial use
c)hardware based programs 
d)Using a version control system to deploy and manage node configurations

Ans: d
3. Configuration management is possible only by using automated tools.
 a. True
b. False
ANSWER: False
4. Which is not a task of a Configuration Management?
 a. Version control
b. Reporting
c. Change management
d. Quality control
ANSWER: Quality control
5. Software configuration management is a set of _ activities.

a. Change management
b. Process
c. Tracking and control
d. None of the mentioned above
Answer: C) Tracking and control
6. What are the configuration management tools ?
A. Ansible 
B. Puppet 
C. Saltstack 
D. All the above 
Ans: d
7. …………………. is the process, which controls the changes made to a system and manages the different versions of the software project.
A) Software maintenance
B) Configuration management
C) Software re-engineering
D) Software refactoring                             
ans: B

8. What benefits can we gain by using automation to manage our configuration?
a)consistency 
b)simplicity 
c)Reliability 
d)scalability 
e) a,c  and d 

Ans:e
9. Amongst which of the following is / are the elements of a configuration management system.

a. Component elements, Process elements
b. Construction elements, Human elements
c. Both A and B
d. None of the above
Answer: C) Both A and B
10.  A typical configuration management (CM) operational scenario involves a __ who is in charge of a software group.

a. Project manager
b. System engineer
c. System administrator
d. All of the mentioned above
Answer: A) Project manager
11. Which of the following is a configuration item?
a) Design & Test specification
b) Source code
c) Log information
d) All of the mentioned
Ans: d
12. What is the principle called when you think of networked machines as interchangeable resources instead of individual machines?
a)flexible deployment 
b)The Borg principle 
c)Treating computers like cattle instead of pets
d)The principle of group operation 

Ans: c
13. When computer is manually managed it's called? 
A. Flake 
B. Special snowflake 
C. Snowflake 
D. None 
Ans : b
14. The Configuration Management can be divided into two subsystems which are

a. Reconfiguration and documentation
b. Management and configuration
c. Documentation and dialing up
d. both a and c

Answer: a
 15. Which of the following process is concerned with analysing the costs and benefits of proposed changes?

a) Change management
b) Version management
c) System building
d) Release management


Answer: a
Explanation: It involves approving those changes that are worthwhile, and tracking which components in the system have been changed.
 
16. Which method recommends that very frequent system builds should be carried out with automated testing to discover software problems?

a) Agile method
b) Parallel compilation method
c) Large systems method
d) All of the mentioned


Answer: a
Explanation: In keeping with the agile methods notion of making many small changes, continuous integration involves rebuilding the mainline frequently, after small source code changes have been made.

17. Which of the following option is not tracked by configuration management tools?
a) Tracking of change proposals
b) Storing versions of system components
c) Tracking the releases of system versions to customers
d) None of the mentioned

Ans d
[12:58 PM, 12/18/2021] Parvathi Kerala Ust: Q. Which of the following is a configuration item?

a) Design & Test specification
b) Source code
c) Log information
d) All of the mentioned


Answer: d
Explanation: A configuration item is an approved and accepted deliverable, changes have to be made through formal procedure.

18. Which of the following process ensures that versions of systems and components are recorded and maintained?

a) Codeline
b) Configuration control
c) Version
d) Workspace


Answer: b
Explanation: In configuration control changes are managed and all versions of components are identified and stored for the lifetime.
19. Which of the following categories is part of the output of software process?

a) computer programs
b) documents that describe the computer programs
c) data
d) all of the mentioned

Answer: d
20. Software Configuration Management can be administered in several ways. These include

a) A single software configuration management team for the whole organization
b) A separate configuration management team for each project
c) Software Configuration Management distributed among the project members
d) All of the mentioned


Answer: a
21.Configuration management is only important during development activity.

a.True
b. False

Ans.false
22. Which of the following is not a Software Configuration Management Activity?

a) Configuration item identification
b) Risk management
c) Release management
d) Branch management


Answer: b
Explanation: Risk management is an entirely different domain.